{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12300\viewh14520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README FILE\
\
[Hybrid Equations (HyEQ) Toolbox] for [Simulating Hybrid Systems in MATLAB/Simulink], [V2.04], by \
[Hybrid Dynamics and Control Lab @ University of California Santa Cruz]\
[05/11/17]\
\
CONTENTS\
I.	HOW TO UNISTALL PREVIOUS TOOLBOX VERSIONS\
II.	MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS\
III.	HOW TO INSTALL THE TOOLBOX\
IV.	SOFTWARE DOWNLOADS AND MANUAL\
\
I. HOW TO UNISTALL PREVIOUS TOOLBOX VERSIONS\
\
Windows\
1. Open Matlab.\
2. Go to the Matlab's standard toolbox folder (e.g, C:\\Program Files\\Matlab\\toolbox\\HyEQ_Toolbox_vxx). \
3. Run the unistall file >> tbclean.m This procedure erase all the files in the toolbox folder.\
4. Close Matlab.\
\
Macintosh\
1. Open Matlab.\
2. Go to the Matlab's standard toolbox folder (e.g, ~/matlab/HyEQ_Toolbox_vxx). \
3. Run the unistall file >> tbclean.m This procedure erase all the files in the toolbox folder.\
4. Close Matlab.\
\
\
II.	MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS\
\
In order to run simulations using the Lite HyEQ Solver, MATLAB R13 or newer is required.\
\
In order to run simulations using the HyEQ Simulator, MATLAB/Simulink and a supported ANSI, C, or C++ 32-bit compiler must be installed. Please check on \
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/fileexchange/41372-hybrid-equations-toolbox-v2-02"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://www.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/fileexchange/41372-hybrid-equations-toolbox-v2-02}}\
to instructions about how to install necessary compilers for Windows and Mac. For more information on supported compilers, please visit \
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.mathworks.com/support/compilers/R2012a/win32.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://www.mathworks.com/support/compilers/R2012a/win32.html}}\
\
III.	HOW TO INSTALL THE TOOLBOX\
\
1. Save the folder InstallHyEQ_Toolbox_V2_04 into some location different than the matlab root folder (e.g. ~/matlab/ or C:\\Program Files\\Matlab). \
2. Open Matlab.\
3. Locate and execute the file install.m by in matlab\'92s command window by (do not open install.m in the editor)\
>> install\
4. Follow the instructions\
\
IV.	TO GET STARTED, PLEASE GO TO\
\
Software downloads:\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://hybrid.soe.ucsc.edu/software"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://hybrid.soe.ucsc.edu/software}}\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/fileexchange/41372-hybrid-equations-toolbox-v2-02"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://www.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/fileexchange/41372-hybrid-equations-toolbox-v2-02\
}}\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Manual:\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://hybrid.soe.ucsc.edu/biblio/2014/hybrid-equations-hyeq-toolbox"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://hybrid.soe.ucsc.edu/biblio/2014/hybrid-equations-hyeq-toolbox\
}}\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Examples:\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://hybridsimulator.wordpress.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://hybridsimulator.wordpress.com/}}\
}